Bài tập thì quá khứ hoàn thành tiếp diễn trong tiếng Anh
       
Bài tập thì quá khứ hoàn thành tiếp diễn
Tương ứng với từng bài trong loạt bài Ngữ pháp tiếng Anh chúng mình sẽ cung cấp cho các bạn phần bài tập để thực hành luôn phần Ngữ pháp tiếng Anh vừa học. Bài tập ngữ pháp tiếng Anh này giúp bạn ôn tập và hiểu sâu hơn các phần lý thuyết đã được trình bày trong loạt bài Ngữ pháp tiếng Anh.

Trước khi làm Bài tập thì quá khứ hoàn thành tiếp diễn trong tiếng Anh, nếu bạn muốn đọc lại phần ngữ pháp tiếng Anh tương ứng, bạn có thể tham khảo tại chương: Thì quá khứ hoàn thành tiếp diễn trong tiếng Anh.

Với các từ mới mình sẽ không dịch sẵn mà bạn nên tự tìm hiểu vì điều đó sẽ giúp bạn nhớ lâu hơn. Sau khi bạn đã làm xong bài tập, để so sánh xem mình làm đúng được bao nhiêu, mời bạn click chuột vào phần Hiển thị đáp án ở bên dưới.


 
Dưới đây là phần Bài tập thì quá khứ hoàn thành tiếp diễn:

Sau khi làm xong mỗi bài, để so sánh với đáp án, mời bạn click chuột vào Hiển thị đáp án.

Bài 1:

 
Read the situations and make sentences from the words in brackets
1 I was very tired when I arrived home.
(I/work/hard all day) I'd been working hard all day.
2 The two boys came into the house. They had a football and they were
both very tired.
(they/play/football) ...................
3 I was disappointed when I had to cancel my holiday.
(I/look/forward to it) ...................
4 Ann woke up in the middle of the night. She was frightened and didn't
know where she was.
(she/dream) ...................
5 When I got home, Tom was sitting in front of the TC. He had just
turned it off.
(he/watch/a film) ...................
Hiển thị đáp án
 
2  They'd been playing football
3  I'd been looking forward to it
4  She'd been dreaming
5  He'd been watching a film
Bài 2:

 
Read the situations and complete the sentences
1 We played tennis yesterday. Half an hour after we began playing, it
started to rain.
We had been playing for half an hour when it started to rain.
2 I had arranged to meet Tom in a restaurant. I arrived and waited for
him. After 20 minutes I suddenly realized that I was in the wrong
restaurant.
I .... for 20 minutes when I ... the wrong restaurant.
3 Sarah got a job in a factory. Five years later the factory closed down.
At the time the factory ... , Sarah ... there for five years.
4 I went to a concert last week. The orchestra began playing. After about
ten minutes a man in the audience suddenly started shouting.
The orchestra ... when ......
This time make your own sentence:
5 I began walking along the road. I ..... when ..... 
Hiển thị đáp án
 
2 I'd been waiting for 20 minutes when I relised that I was in the wrong
restaurant
3  At the same time the factory closed down, Sarad had been working there
for five years
4 The orchestra had been playing for about ten minutes when a man in the
audience started shouting
5 I'd been walking along the road for about ten minutes when a car suddenly
stopped just behind me
Bài 3:

 
Put the verb into the most suitable form, past continuous (I was 
doing) past perfect (I had done) or past perfect continuous (I had
been doing)
1 It was very noisy next door. Our neighbours were having (have) a party.
2 We were good friend. We had known (know) each other for years.
3 John and I went for a walk. I had difficulty keeping up with him because
he ... (walk) so fast
4 Sue was sitting on the ground.She was out of breath. She ... (run)
5 When I arrived, everybody was sitting round the table with their mouths
full. They ... (eat)
6 When I arrived, everybody was sitting round the table and talking. Their
mouths were empty, but their stomachs were full. They ... (eat)
7 Jim was on his hands and knees on the floor. He ... (look) for his 
contach lens.
8 When I arrived, Kate ... (wait) for me. She was annoyed with me because
I was late and she ... (wait) for a long time.
9 I was sad when I sold my car. I ... (have) it for a long time.
10 We were extremely tired at the end of the journey. We ... (travel) for
more than 24 hours.
Hiển thị đáp án
 
3  was walking
4  had been running
5  were eating
6  had been eating
7  was looking
8  was waiting ... had been waiting
9  had had
10 had been travelling