Bài tập động từ   giới từ trong tiếng Anh (II)
       
Bài tập động từ   giới từ trong tiếng Anh
Tương ứng với từng bài trong loạt bài Ngữ pháp tiếng Anh chúng mình sẽ cung cấp cho các bạn phần bài tập để thực hành luôn phần Ngữ pháp tiếng Anh vừa học. Bài tập ngữ pháp tiếng Anh này giúp bạn ôn tập và hiểu sâu hơn các phần lý thuyết đã được trình bày trong loạt bài Ngữ pháp tiếng Anh.

Trước khi làm Bài tập động từ   giới từ trong tiếng Anh, nếu bạn muốn đọc lại phần ngữ pháp tiếng Anh tương ứng, bạn có thể tham khảo tại chương: Bài tập động từ   giới từ trong tiếng Anh.

Với các từ mới mình sẽ không dịch sẵn mà bạn nên tự tìm hiểu vì điều đó sẽ giúp bạn nhớ lâu hơn. Sau khi bạn đã làm xong bài tập, để so sánh xem mình làm đúng được bao nhiêu, mời bạn click chuột vào phần Hiển thị đáp án ở bên dưới.


 
Dưới đây là phần Bài tập động từ   giới từ:

Bài 1:

 
Put in the correct preposition. If no preposition is necessary, leave the
space empty.
1 I'm not going out yet. I'm waiting for the rain to stop.
2 I couldn't find the street I was looking for, so I stopped someone to
ask .... directions.
3 I've applied .... a job at the factory. I don't know if I'll get it.
4 I've applied .... three colleges. I hope one of them accepts me.
5 I've searched everywhere .... john, but I haven't been able to find him.
6 I don't want to talk .... what happened last night. Let's forget it.
7 I don't want to disccuss .... what happened last night. Let's forget it.
8 We had an interesting discussion .... the problem,but we didn't reach
a decision
9 We discussed .... the problem, but we didn't reach a decision.
10 I don't want to go out yet. I'm waiting .... the post to arrive.
11 Ken and Sonia are touring Italy. They're in Rome at the moment, but
tomorrow they leave .... Venice
12 The roof of the house is in very bad condition. I think we ought to do
something .... it.
13 We waited .... Steve for half an hour, but he never came.
14 Tomorrow morning I have to catch a plane. I'm leaving my house .... the
airport at 7.30.
Hiển thị đáp án
 
2 for
3 for
4 to
5 for
6 about 
7 –
8 about
9 –
10 for
11 for
12 about
13 for
14 for
Bài 2:

 
Complete the sentences with the following verbs   preposition:
apply   ask   do   leave   look   search   talk   wait
1 Police are searching for the man who esaped from prison.
2 We're still .... a reply to our letter. We haven't heard anything yet.
3 I think Ben likes his job, but he doesn't .... it much.
4 When I'd finished my meal, I .... the waiter .... the bill.
5 Cathy is unemployed. She has .... several jobs, but she hasn't had any
luck.
6 If something is wrong ,why don't you .... something .... it?
7 Linda's car is very old, but it's in excellent condition. She .... it
very well.
8 Diane is from Boston but now she lives in Paris. She .... Boston ....
Paris when she was 19.
Hiển thị đáp án
 
2 walking for
3 talk about
4 asked the waiter for
5 applied for
6 do something about
7 looks after or has looked after
8 left Boston for
Bài 3:

 
Put in the correct preposition after care. If no preposition is necessary,
leave the space empty.
1 He's very selfish. He doesn't care about othe people.
2 Are you hungry? Would you care .... something to eat?
3 She doesn't care .... the exam. She doesn't care whether she passes or
fails.
4 Please let me borrow your camera. I promise I'll take good care .... it.
5 "Do you like this coat?" "Not really, I don't care .... the coulour."
6 Don't worry about the shopping. I'll take care .... that.
7 I want to have a good holiday. I don't care .... the cost.
8 I want to have a good holiday. I don't care .... how much it costs.
Hiển thị đáp án
 
2 for
3 about
4 of
5 for
6 of
7 about
8 –
Bài 4:

 
Complete the sentences with look for or look after. Use the correct form
of look (looks/looked/looking).
1 I looked for my keys, but I couldn't find them anywhere.
2 Kate is .... a job. I hope she finds one soon.
3 Who .... you when you were ill?
4 I'm .... Elizabeth. Have you seen her?
5 The car park was full, so we had to .... somewhere else to park.
6 A babysitter is somebody who .... other people's children.
Hiển thị đáp án
 
2 looking for
3 looked for
4 looking for
5 look for
6 looks after