Bài tập động từ   giới từ trong tiếng Anh (III)
       
Bài tập động từ   giới từ trong tiếng Anh
Tương ứng với từng bài trong loạt bài Ngữ pháp tiếng Anh chúng mình sẽ cung cấp cho các bạn phần bài tập để thực hành luôn phần Ngữ pháp tiếng Anh vừa học. Bài tập ngữ pháp tiếng Anh này giúp bạn ôn tập và hiểu sâu hơn các phần lý thuyết đã được trình bày trong loạt bài Ngữ pháp tiếng Anh.

Trước khi làm Bài tập động từ   giới từ trong tiếng Anh, nếu bạn muốn đọc lại phần ngữ pháp tiếng Anh tương ứng, bạn có thể tham khảo tại chương: Bài tập động từ   giới từ trong tiếng Anh.

Với các từ mới mình sẽ không dịch sẵn mà bạn nên tự tìm hiểu vì điều đó sẽ giúp bạn nhớ lâu hơn. Sau khi bạn đã làm xong bài tập, để so sánh xem mình làm đúng được bao nhiêu, mời bạn click chuột vào phần Hiển thị đáp án ở bên dưới.


 
Dưới đây là phần Bài tập động từ   giới từ:

Bài 1:

 
Put in the correct preposition.
1 Did you hear about what happened at the party on Saturday?
2 "I had a strange dream last night." "Did you? What did you dream ....?"
3 Our neighbours complained .... us .... the noise we made last night.
4 Kevin was complaining .... pains in his chest, so he went to the
doctor.
5 I love this music. It reminds me .... a warm day in spring.
6 He loves his job. He thinks .... his job all the time, he dreams ....it,
he talks .... it and I'm fed up with hearing .... it.
7 I tried to remember the name of the book, but I couldn't think .... it.
8 Jackie warned me .... the water. She said it wasn't safe to drink.
9 We warned our children .... the dangers of playing in the street.
Hiển thị đáp án
 
2 about 
3 to us about
4 of
5 of
6 about .... about .... about .... about
7 of
8 about
9 about /of
Bài 2:

 
Complete the sentences using the following verbs (in the correct form)
  the correct preposition.
complain   dream   hear   remind   remind   think   think   warn
1 That's a good idea. Why didn't I think of that?
2 Bill is never satisfied. He is always .... something.
3 I can't make a decision yet. I need time to .... your proposal.
4 Before you go into the house, I must .... you .... the dog. He is very
aggressive sometimes, so be careful.
5 She's not a well-known singer. Not many people have .... her.
6 A: You wouldn't go away without telling me, would you?
  B: Of course not. I wouldn't .... it.
7 I would have forgotten my appointment if Jane hadn't .... me .... it.
8 Do you see that man over there? Does he .... you .... anybody you know?
Hiển thị đáp án
 
2 complaining about
3 think about
4 warn you about
5 heard of
6 dream of
7 reminded me about 
8 remind you of
Bài 3:

 
Complete the sentences using hear or heard   the correct
preposition (about/of/from).
1 I've never heard of Tom Hart. Who is he?
2 "Did you .... the accident last night?" "Yes, Vicky told me."
3 Jill used to phone quite often, but I haven't .... her for a long time
now.
4 A: Have you .... a writer called William Hudson?
  B: No, I don't think so. What sort of writer is he?
5 Thank you for your letter. It was good to .... you again.
6 "Do you want to .... our holiday?" "Not now. Tell me later."
7 I live in a small town in the north of England. You've probably never
.... it.
Hiển thị đáp án
 
2 hear about
3 heard from
4 heard of
5 hear from
6 hear about
7 heard of
Bài 4:

 
Complete the sentences using think about or think of. Sometimes both about
and of are possible. Use the correct form of think (think/thinking/
thought).
1 You look serious. What are you thinking about?
2 I like to have time to make decisions. I like to .... things carefully.
3 I don't know what to get Sarah for her birthday. Can you .... anything?
4 A: I've finished reading the book you lent me.
  B: Have you? What did you .... it? Did you like it?
5 We've .... going out for a meal this evening. Would you like to come?
6 I don't really want to go out with Tom tonight. I'll have to .... an
excuse.
7 When I was offered the job, I didn't accept immediately. I went away
and .... it for a while. In the end I decided to take the job.
8 I don't .... much .... this coffee. It's like water.
9 Carol is very homesick. She's always .... her family back home.
Hiển thị đáp án
 
2 think about
3 think of
4 think of
5 thinking of /about
6 thought about
7 thought about
8 think much of
9 thinking about /of