Bài tập all, all of, most, most of, no, none trong tiếng Anh
       
Bài tập all, all of, most, most of, no, none ...
Tương ứng với từng bài trong loạt bài Ngữ pháp tiếng Anh chúng mình sẽ cung cấp cho các bạn phần bài tập để thực hành luôn phần Ngữ pháp tiếng Anh vừa học. Bài tập ngữ pháp tiếng Anh này giúp bạn ôn tập và hiểu sâu hơn các phần lý thuyết đã được trình bày trong loạt bài Ngữ pháp tiếng Anh.

Trước khi làm Bài tập all, all of, most, most of, no, none trong tiếng Anh, nếu bạn muốn đọc lại phần ngữ pháp tiếng Anh tương ứng, bạn có thể tham khảo tại chương: All, all of, most, most of, no, none trong tiếng Anh.

Với các từ mới mình sẽ không dịch sẵn mà bạn nên tự tìm hiểu vì điều đó sẽ giúp bạn nhớ lâu hơn. Sau khi bạn đã làm xong bài tập, để so sánh xem mình làm đúng được bao nhiêu, mời bạn click chuột vào phần Hiển thị đáp án ở bên dưới.

Dưới đây là phần Bài tập all, all of, most, most of, no, none:

Bài 1:

 
Put in of where necessary. Leave the space empty if the sentence
is already complete.
1 All ..–.. cars have wheels. (the sentence is already complete)
2 None of this money is mine.
3 Some .... films are very violent.
4 Some .... the films I've seen recently have been very violent.
5 Joe never goes to museums. He says that all .... museums are boring.
6 I think some .... people watch too much television.
7 "Are any .... those letters for me?" "No they're all for me."
8 Kate has lived in London most .... her life.
9 Jim has lived in Chicago all .... his life.
10 Most .... days I get up before 7 o'clock.
Hiển thị đáp án
 
3 -
4 of
5 -
6 -
7 of
8 of
9 -
10 –
Bài 2:

 
Choose from the list and complete the sentences. Use of (some of/most of
...) where necessary.
accident   European countries   my dinner         the players
birds      her friends          my spare time     the population
cars       her opinions         the buildings     these books
1 I haven't read many of these books.
2 All cars have wheels.
3 I spend much .... gardening.
4 Many .... are caused by bad driving.
5 It's a historic town. Many .... are over 400 years old.
6 When she gor married she kept is a secret. She didn't tell any .....
7 Not many people live in the north of the country. Most .... like in
the south.
8 Not all .... can fly. For example the penguin can't fly.
9 Our team played badly and lost the game. None .... played well.
10 Julia and I have very different ideas. I don't agree with many .....
11 Sarah travels a lot in Europe. She has been to most .....
12 I had no appetite. I could only eat half .....
Hiển thị đáp án
 
3 of my space time
4 accidents
5 of the buidings
6 of her friends
7 of the population
8 birds
9 of the players
10 of her opinions
11 European countries
12 of my dinner.
Bài 3:

 
Use yourn ideas to complete these sentences:
1 The building was damaged in the explosion. All the windows were
broken.
2 We had a very lazy holiday. We spent most of .... on the beach.
3 I went to the cinema by myself. None of .... wanted to come.
4 The test was difficult. I could only answer half .... 
5 Some of .... you took at the wedding were very good.
6 "Have you spent all .... I gave you?" "No, there's still some left."
Hiển thị đáp án
 
Example answer:
2 the time
3 my friends
4 of the question
5 the photos/the photographs/the pictures
6 (of) the money.
Bài 4:

 
Complete the sentences. Use:
all of/ some of/ none of   it/them /us (ex: all of it /some of them ...)
1 These books are all Jame's. None of them belong to me.
2 "How many of these books have you read." ".... . Every one."
3 We all got wet in the rain because .... had an umbrella
4 Some of this money is yours and .... is mine
5 I asked some people for directions but .... was able to help me.
6 She invented the whole story from beginning to end .... was true
7 Not all the tourists in the group wewe Spanish .... were French.
8 I watched most of the film but not .... .
Hiển thị đáp án
 
2 All of them
3 none of us
4 some of it
5 none of them
6 none of it
7 some of them
8 all of it