Bài tập động từ khuyết thiếu must trong tiếng Anh
       
Bài tập động từ khuyết thiếu must
Tương ứng với từng bài trong loạt bài Ngữ pháp tiếng Anh chúng mình sẽ cung cấp cho các bạn phần bài tập để thực hành luôn phần Ngữ pháp tiếng Anh vừa học. Bài tập ngữ pháp tiếng Anh này giúp bạn ôn tập và hiểu sâu hơn các phần lý thuyết đã được trình bày trong loạt bài Ngữ pháp tiếng Anh.

Trước khi làm Bài tập động từ khuyết thiếu must trong tiếng Anh, nếu bạn muốn đọc lại phần ngữ pháp tiếng Anh tương ứng, bạn có thể tham khảo tại chương: Động từ khuyết thiếu must trong tiếng Anh.

Với các từ mới mình sẽ không dịch sẵn mà bạn nên tự tìm hiểu vì điều đó sẽ giúp bạn nhớ lâu hơn. Sau khi bạn đã làm xong bài tập, để so sánh xem mình làm đúng được bao nhiêu, mời bạn click chuột vào phần Hiển thị đáp án ở bên dưới.


 
Dưới đây là phần Bài tập động từ khuyết thiếu must:

Sau khi làm xong mỗi bài, để so sánh với đáp án, mời bạn click chuột vào Hiển thị đáp án.

Bài 1:

 
Put in must or can't
1 You've been travelling all day. You must be tired.
2 That restaurant .... be very good. It's always full of people.
3 That restaurant .... be very good. It's always empty.
4 I'm sure I gave you the key. You .... have it. Have you looked
in your bag?
5 You're going on holiday next week. You .... be looking forward
to it.
6 It rained every day during their holiday so they .... have had
a very nice time.
7 Congratulations on passing your exam You .... be very pleased.
8 You got here very quickly. You .... have walked very fast.
9 Bill and Sue always travel business class so they .... be short
of money.
Hiển thị đáp án
 
2  must
3  can't
4  must
5  must
6  can't
7  must
8  must
9  can't
Bài 2:

 
Complete each sentences with a verb (on or two verbs) in the
correct form.
1 I've lost one of my gloves. I must have dropped it somewhere.
2 They haven't live here for very long. They can't know many people.
3 Ted isn't at work today. He must .... ill.
4 Ted wasn't at work last week. He must .... ill
5 I wonder who that is. It can't .... Mary. She's still at work at
this time.
6 Sarah knows a lot about films. She must .... to the cinema a lot
7 Look. James is putting on his hat and coat. He must .... out.
8 I left my bike outside the house last night and now it has gone.
Somebody must .... it.
9 Amy was in a very difficult situation when she lost her job. It
can't .... easy for her.
10 There is a man walking behind us. He has been walking behind us
for the last twenty minutes.
He must ....... us
Hiển thị đáp án
 
3  be
4  have been
5  be
6  go
7  be going
8  have taken
9  have been
10 following
Bài 3:

 
Read the situations and use the words in bracket to write
sentences with must have and can't have.
1 The phone rang, but I didn't hear it. (I/asleep)
I must have been asleep.
2 Sue hasn't contacted me.(she/get/my message)
She can't have got my message.
3 The jacket you bought it very good quality. (it/very expensive)
4 I haven't seen the people next door for ages. (they/go away)
5 I can't find my umbrella. (I/leave/it in the restaurant last night)
6 Dave,who is usually very friendly, walked past me without 
speaking. (he/see/me)
7 There was a man standing outside the café. (he/wait/for somebody)
8 Liz did the opposite of what I asked her to do.
(she/understand/what I said)
9 When I got back to my car, the door was unlocked. 
(I/forget/to lock it)
10 I was woken up in the night bu the noise next door. 
(the neighbours/have/a party)
11 The light was red, but the car didn't stop. 
(the driver/see/the red light)
Hiển thị đáp án
 
3  It must have been very expensive
4  They must have gone away
5  I must have left it in the restaurant last night
6  He can't have seen me
7  He must have been waiting for somebody
8  she can't have understood what I said
9  I must have forgotten to lock it
10 The neighbours must have been having a party
11 The driver can't have seen the red light