Bài tập động từ khuyết thiếu Can, Could, be able to trong tiếng Anh
       
Bài tập động từ khuyết thiếu Can, Could, be able to trong tiếng Anh
Tương ứng với từng bài trong loạt bài Ngữ pháp tiếng Anh chúng mình sẽ cung cấp cho các bạn phần bài tập để thực hành luôn phần Ngữ pháp tiếng Anh vừa học. Bài tập ngữ pháp tiếng Anh này giúp bạn ôn tập và hiểu sâu hơn các phần lý thuyết đã được trình bày trong loạt bài Ngữ pháp tiếng Anh.

Trước khi làm Bài tập động từ khuyết thiếu Can, Could, be able to trong tiếng Anh, nếu bạn muốn đọc lại phần ngữ pháp tiếng Anh tương ứng, bạn có thể tham khảo tại chương: Động từ khuyết thiếu Can, Could, be able to trong tiếng Anh.

Với các từ mới mình sẽ không dịch sẵn mà bạn nên tự tìm hiểu vì điều đó sẽ giúp bạn nhớ lâu hơn. Sau khi bạn đã làm xong bài tập, để so sánh xem mình làm đúng được bao nhiêu, mời bạn click chuột vào phần Hiển thị đáp án ở bên dưới.


 
Dưới đây là phần Bài tập động từ khuyết thiếu Can, Could, be able to:

Sau khi làm xong mỗi bài, để so sánh với đáp án, mời bạn click chuột vào Hiển thị đáp án.

Bài 1:

 
Complete the sentences using can or (be) able to. Use can
if possible otherwise use (be) able to
1 Gary has travelled a lot. He can speak five languages.
2 I haven't been able to sleep very well recently.
3 Nicole .... drive, but she hasn't got a car.
4 I used to .... stand on my head, but I can't do it now.
5 I can't understand Martinn, I've never .... understand him.
6 I can't see you on Friday, but I .... meet you on Saturday morning.
7 Ask Cathernine about your problem. She might .... help you.
Hiển thị đáp án
 
3  can
4  be able to
5  been able to
6  can
7  be able to
Bài 2:

 
Write sentences about yourself using the ideas in brackets
1 (something you used to be able to do)
I used to be able to sing well.
2 (something you used to be able to do)
I used ....................
3 (something you would like to be able to do)
I'd .......................
4 (something you have never been able to do)
I've ......................
Hiển thị đáp án
 
2  I used to be able to run fast
3  I'd like to be able to play the piano
4  I've never been able to get up early
Bài 3:

 
Complete the sentences with can/can't/could/couldn't   the following:
come  eat hear  run  sleep  wait
1 I'm afraid I can't come to your party next week.
2 When Tim was 16, he .... 100 metres in 11 seconds
3 "Are you in a hungry?" "No, I've got plenty of time, I ...."
4 I was feeling sick yesterday. I .... anything
5 Can you speak a little louder? I .... you very well.
6 "You look tired." "Yes, I .... last night."
Hiển thị đáp án
 
2  could run
3  can wait
4  couldn't eat
5  can't hear
6  couldn't sleep
Bài 4:

 
Comple the answers to the questions with was/were able to
1 A: Did everybody escape from the fire?
  B: Yes, although the fire spread quickly, everybody was able
  to escape.
2 A: Did you finish your work this afternoon?
  B: Yes, there was nobody to disturb me, so I .............
3 A: Did you have difficulty finding our house?
  B: Not really. Your directions were good and we .............
4 A: Did the thief get away?
  B: Yes. No-one realized what was happening and the thief .....
Hiển thị đáp án
 
2  was able to finish it
3  were able to find it
4  was able to get away
Bài 5:

 
Complete the sentences using could, couldn't or managed to
1 My grandfather travelled a lot. He could speak five languages.
2 I looked everywhere for the book but I couldn't find it
3 They didn't want to come with us at first but we managed to 
persuade them.
4 Laura had hurt her leg and .... walk very well.
5 Sue wasn't at home when I phoned but I .... contact her at her
office.
6 I looked very carefully and I .... see somebody in the distance.
7 I wanted to buy some tomatoes. The first shop I went to didn't have
any, but I .... get some in the next shop.
8 My grandmother loved music. She .... play the piano very well.
9 A girl fell into the river but fortunately we .... resue her.
10 I had forgotten to bring my camera so I .... take any photopraphs.
Hiển thị đáp án
 
4  couldn't
5  managed to
6  could
7  managed to
8  could
9  managed to
10 couldn't